# Oasis-JAVA

Dear Kartik Tiwari 10/9/2024

We are delighted to welcome you for the internship of Java Development in our fellowship.This
internship is observed by Oasis Infobyte as being a learning opportunity for you, spanning a
duration of 1 month..

In essence, your internship will embrace orientation and give emphasis on learning new skills
with a deeper understanding of concepts through hands-on application of the knowledge you
gained as an intern. Our team is confident that you will acknowledge your obligation to perform
all work allocated to you to the best of your ability within lawful and reasonable direction given to
you.

We look forward to a worthwhile and fruitful association which will make you equipped for future
projects. wishing you the most enjoyable and truly meaningful internship program experience.
Thank you
Team Oasis Infobyte

TASK 1 -------- This Online Reservation System will include all the necessary fields which are required during
online reservation system. This Online Reservation System will be easy to use and can be used by
any person. The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be
accessed by any authorize person to get information and saves time and burden which are being
faced by their customers.

Login Form – To access this Online Reservation System, each user should have a valid login id and
password. After providing the correct login id and password, users will able to access the main
system.

Reservation System – Under reservation form users will have to fill the necessary details such as
their basic details, train number, train name will automatically come in the box, class type, date of
journey, from (place) to destination and after that, users will have to press insert button.

Cancellation Form – If passengers want to cancel their tickets then they have to provide their
PNR number and after submitting it, this will display the entire information related to that
particular PNR number. If users want to confirm their cancellation, in this case they have to press
OK button.


TASK 2 ------NUMBER GUSSING GAME  The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:

The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
The game continues under the user guessing the number.
You can also incorporate further details as:

Limiting the number of attempts.
Adding more rounds.
Displaying score.
Giving points based on the number of attempts.



TASK 3-------Online Examination
The project should be capable of the following functionalities.

Login
Update Profile and Password
Selecting answers for MCQs
Timer and auto submit
Closing session and Logout























